[ Quacking ]
[ Warble, zap! ]
[ All cheering ]
-[ Hisses ]
-[ Quacks ]
♪ "Adventure Time"
♪ Come on, grab your friends
♪ We'll go to very
messed-up lands ♪
♪ With Jake the dog
and Finn the human ♪
♪ The fun will never end
♪ It's adventure time
♪♪
[ Grunts ]
Hmm?
Ugh!
Boiled eggs...in the fridge.
[ Clears throat ]
Jake! You're back!
I've missed you so mu--
Oh.
Uh, hi, Finn.
It's just me.
Jermaine!
You and Jake both have...
sort of a grapefruit nature
to you.
I came to your playhouse
because I'm worried about Jake.
Don't worry.
He's fine.
He left a note.
How long ago
did he leave that?
Uh, I dunno.
Maybe five weeks?
[ Groans ]
[ Exhales sharply ]
Whoo.
Finn, you know you can call me
if you're in trouble, right?
Our brother's missing,
and I come here finding you
doing a lazy man's load
with a hundred boiled eggs.
It's all they have
at the store.
I'm just worried, 'cause I had
a dream about Jake --
a vision.
I think he's all alone
in outer space.
I don't think he can come home,
and he's running out
of birthday cake
and cocktail hot dogs.
Jake's in space?!
I know! It's chilling!
Hmm.
Oh!
So, this cosmic stuff,
planets and space...
[ Muffled ] This is
Normal Man-type subjects.
We're going to Mars!
Mars?!
[ Grunts ]
Is it too much to hope
that "Mars" is the name
of some bookstore
you like?
[ Birds chirping ]
Is that a boat? I haven't seen
a boat in years.
[ Music plays ]
Ah, this is
a pretty old house.
What's that on the shelf?
A little Pegasus?
Into the basement.
Sure is lots of broken glass
and decay down here.
I'll be honest --
I was just talking a lot
because I'm nervous.
I know.
Jake.
[ Whirring ]
[ Screaming ]
[ Screaming continues ]
[ Whimpers, panting,
coughs ]
[ Hoarsely ] Mars.
Dang. Looking real prosperous
around here.
Who's the statues,
do you think?
Maybe Margles?
But I've only seen a photo
of her.
Wait! Betty?!
Oh, Finn.
Uh...how is --
I haven't seen you, Betty,
since you double-crossed
everyone.
-I --
-Ya slopped up!
Finn!
Empathy!
Normal Man.
Nay! King-man!
Finn,
Betty is tormented.
Just look at her.
Finn: Oh.
I'm trying
to get better.
I'm filling this hole
with sand --
grain by grain.
We're going to cure Betty's
obsession with the Ice King
and the magical madness
inflicted upon her.
G-G-G-G-Gah.
If you inflicted it
on her,
shouldn't you
be filling the hole?
Empathy, Finn.
Aah!
Normal Man:
Okay, so, Jake's in space.
Jermaine: Yeah.
And you don't know
where in space.
Yeah.
And you don't know
where in space,
even though literally every
single place in this dimension
is "in space."
Again, yeah!
You are a real cutie.
Okay, here we are.
To locate Jake,
you will need to retrieve
our space telemetry capsule --
deep within Mars,
at the end of a deadly
three-part mind maze.
[ Whimpers ]
Don't fret, cowardly dog.
Betty will go with you.
I...should really get back
to my sand.
Nah.
You should come with us.
Now, only Martians
may enter the maze,
so you'll need hats
to fool the guard over there.
Okay, cool.
Where are the hats?
Space.
Wha--
Aw, come on, man!
[ Tink! ]
[ Groans ]
Eeh!
Finn: Um...Door Man?
I'm Guard Man.
Well, I am Boy Man.
Uh,
and I'm...Jer Man.
Sure.
[ Whispering ]
"Jer Man" was really funny.
Jermaine:
Thanks, Finn.
[ Loud thud ]
♪♪
Hey, Jermaine,
get a load of these frogs.
What do you think's going on
with all these frogs, Jermaine?
Jermaine?
What? I don't know.
Oh, whoa.
That one looks different --
kinda...special.
[ Hisses ]
Yip!
Remember.
Whew!
Finn!
I'm okay. These guys
mean business, though.
If you look them in the eyes,
they get outraged.
You got all that,
Betty?
Betty!
Hup!
Oh! There's more
on this side.
[ Growls ]
Hyup!
Guys, I think I figured out
the frog puzzle.
[ Muffled ]
It's really quite simple.
Betty:
I found the next challenge!
I think maybe if I solve
this equation,
we'll be able to pass through
to the next chamber.
And if we mess up, that guy
pecks our tummies open, right?
No. See, the work
is already full of errors.
I just need
to correct them.
Um, I'm not trying
to complain or anything,
but none of these puzzles
have anything...
Look, see?
to...do...with...me.
This quadronomial has been
improperly factored.
He forgot to double cube root
the bottom partialnominator.
There we go.
I'll have us out of here
in no time.
Well, just let me know
if you need any help --
with anything
besides these math problems.
X plus square, hypotenuse cubed
plus Y minus 3...
[ Muttering ]
[ Gasps ]
[ Chuckles ]
Hey!
He's jukin' the stats!
What?
He's changing
the dang numbers around!
He's...changing.
Oh, no.
Come on, Jermaine!
Up there?
You're gonna
break your neck!
[ Grunting ]
[ Laughs ]
Hey!
[ Crack ]
[ Screams ]
[ Groans ]
If anyone else feels like
solving any of these puzzles,
just jump right in,
you know?
Jermaine:
Hey! Over here!
[ Woman speaking indistinctly ]
I hear something.
...if you water them once a
week, they'll totally be fine.
No! I know!
Six months
studying ancient petroglyphs
in the Outback?!
[ Squeals ]
I can't believe it! [ Laughs ]
That's...me.
Uh-doy!
You look so happy.
And...sane.
[ Sighs ] I was.
But I never took
that trip.
I met Simon the next day,
and he was just so amazing.
I put everything on hold to help
him search for the Enchiridion.
Listen, Betty, I may not be
a psychiatrist or a life coach
or even know
what you're talking about,
but maybe you should try
focusing on yourself
a little more,
you know?
Can I, though?
I spent so much time
dedicated to Simon,
I'm not sure there's
even any "me" left anymore.
Young Betty:
Good point, Future Betty!
Maybe it is too late
to save you,
but with your power
and my joie de viv-ray,
maybe the two of us
could save Simon together!
Think about it.
Oh, come on, Betty!
Get it together!
Even if you are
a lost cause, she --
Or whatever
she represents...
...is not.
Or am I?
No. Finn's right.
You'll thank me for this
later, Past Betty.
Hmph.
[ Static ]
And don't forget
to water my plants.
Okay, got to go!
My flight leaves in an hour!
[ Telephone beeps ]
[ Pop! ]
Good job, Betty.
Thanks, Finn.
Sorry I couldn't be
more help.
I was a little...
preoccupied.
Oh, really?
Anyway,
where's the space thingy?
[ Chanting ]
Space thingy! Space thingy!
Jake: Space what-ie?
Both: Jake!
Hey, everybody.
Hey, long time no see,
brudda!
[ Laughs ]
Hey, what's with the hair,
brudda?
Man, you're lucky
you missed it.
I had lice crazy-bad!
I think I got them
from Marceline...
who got them
from Ice King.
[ Laughs ] Nice.
Anyway,
how'd you even get here?
Eugggh!
Beats me.
I was just eating a sausage
on some stupid planet,
then all of a sudden, there was
a beautiful rainbow explosion
and a loud noise --
sort of like a space
telemetry capsule activating.
Then here I was,
standing next to this Mars door.
[ Inhales ]
[ Noisemaker honks ]
Congratulations,
everybody.
Now, who's ready
for a nice boiled egg?
Both: Me!
Wait a minute.
What even happened in there?
Where's
the telemetry capsule?
Don't you see, Jermaine?
You were inside the capsule
all along,
learning valuable lessons
while you programmed
its Jake-extracting telemetry
with your minds.
Of course.
And you, Betty --
finally, you've learned
that most pressing of lessons --
that sometimes,
for our own good,
we must accept the loss
of that which we hold most dear.
[ Imitates buzzer ]
I've learned that I just
got to work even harder
to get it back.
What?!
Like, did you see Finn
in there?
He was indomitable!
Yeah, I guess, but --
So, as I stared
into that endless white void,
I came up with a plan.
A plan?
For me --
to save my Simon.
And for you --
to finally pull Margles back
from the maw of GOLB.
[ Gulps ]
Marg--